Added resources for the Java fundamantals (#1727)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/110-java/content/100-java-fundamentals/100-basic-syntax.md

> # Basic syntax
> 
> Understanding the basics is the key to a solid foundation: These include basic terminologies, naming conventions, reserved words, etc.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/java-basic-syntax/'>Basic Java Syntax</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81piDKqPxjQ'>Java - Basic Syntax</BadgeLink>
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Basic Syntax

Understanding the basics is the key to a solid foundation. In this section, learn the basic terminologies, naming conventions, reserved words, conditions, functions, data structures, OOP, packages, etc.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/java-basic-syntax/'>Basic Java Syntax</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81piDKqPxjQ'>Java - Basic Syntax</BadgeLink>
```
